hello there I'm Barbara Sara these are
the top stories on al Jazeera the
interim government in Honduras says
there's no chance at all that it will
give that the post prime minister Manuel
Zelaya his job back zelaya has been
garnering support in the US where the
Organization of American States has
threatened to suspend Honduras if zelaya
isn't reinstated within 72 hours but the
army says it will arrest the ousted
leader if he returns to the capital the
father of a teenage girl who survived
the plane crash has been speaking about
her ordeal bahia bakari only suffered a
broken collarbone when a Yemeni Airbus
with a hundred and fifty-three people on
board crashed into the Indian Ocean
everyone else including her mother were
were killed by here was rescued from the
sea near the Comoros Islands 13 hours
after the crash al Jazeera has gained
exclusive access the secret police
documents in Pakistan detailing the
Taliban's criminal activity the report
claims the Taliban are involved in
kidnappings and bank robberies and it
claims the money trail starts in Karachi
Pakistan is serious about dealing with
the Taliban then it must bring its fight
to neighborhoods like these and disrupt
the group's funding activities however
it can't do that at the cost of
criminalizing a whole community because
if that happens then the whole of
Karachi could erupt into clashes and
that will destabilize the commercial
capital and prove disastrous for
Pakistan imran khan al Jazeera Karachi
Iran's Basij militia has asked the
country's chief prosecutor to
investigate mir hussein Mousavi's role
in the post election protests it's laid
down nine charges against them one of
which includes disturbing security
mesabi continues meanwhile to describe
Aaron's government as illegitimate and
in China Internet users are celebrating
after an unexpected you turn in
government policy just hours before a
filtering software was to be introduced
onto all new PCs Beijing has said
was postponing the plans because of
technical reasons Jazeera's melissa Chan
explains this software is just the
latest who what appears to be a more
aggressive strategy by the government to
control the internet YouTube has been
blocked for months but in the past few
weeks it's also been difficult to access
twitter and gmail well don't forget that
you can watch al-jazeera online with no
filters go to our website al Jazeera
thought Ned forward slash English and
click on the watch now icon well those
are the headlines on al Jazeera that's
all from me Barbara Sara bye-bye